Searched "checkers ai" on GitHub (1.8K results). Last year there seemed to be only a few hundred and much fewer
machine learning implementations. Many were surely following TechWithTim's minimax implementation (YouTube).

best match
https://github.com/techwithtim/Python-Checkers-AI/                    Python, minimax, bad
https://github.com/Hsankesara/Draughts-AI                             Python, minimax, wrong rules
https://github.com/SamRagusa/Checkers-Reinforcement-Learning          Python, machine learning
https://github.com/dimitrijekaranfilovic/checkers                     Python, minimax
https://github.com/bcorfman/raven-checkers                            Python, minimax, supports PDN
https://github.com/billjeffries/jsCheckersAI                          JavaScript, minimax
https://github.com/codeofcarson/Checkers                              Python, minimax
https://github.com/VarunRaval48/checkers-AI                           Python, minimax/machine learning
https://github.com/migafgarcia/prolog-checkers                        prolog, minimax, impressive
https://github.com/hanli1/minimax-checkers                            Java, minimax
https://github.com/stillonearth/CheckersOnBevy                        Rust, machine learning, wrong rules
https://github.com/Sherif-Abdou/Checkers                              Python, minimax
https://github.com/shtsai/checker-game                                Python, minimax, depth 20 in 15 seconds?
https://github.com/alobo/AI-Checkers                                  C#, ad-hoc?
https://github.com/ptn/draughts                                       Ruby, machine learning, uses PDN

most stars
https://github.com/techwithtim/Python-Checkers-AI                     --/--
https://github.com/SamRagusa/Checkers-Reinforcement-Learning          --/--
https://github.com/Hsankesara/Draughts-AI                             --/--
https://github.com/dimitrijekaranfilovic/checkers                     --/--
https://github.com/bcorfman/raven-checkers                            --/--
https://github.com/stillonearth/CheckersOnBevy                        --/--
https://github.com/billjeffries/jsCheckersAI                          --/--
https://github.com/mkoryak/evolutionary-neural-net-ai                 Java, machine learning
https://github.com/loks0n/rapid-draughts                              TypeScript, minimax, actually follows the rules
https://github.com/Sherif-Abdou/Checkers                              --/--
https://github.com/Btsan/CheckersBot                                  Python, machine learning
https://github.com/codeofcarson/Checkers                              --/--
https://github.com/migafgarcia/prolog-checkers                        --/--
https://github.com/hanli1/minimax-checkers                            --/--
https://github.com/VarunRaval48/checkers-AI                           --/--
